README FILE

Nightlife Navigator — iOS Prototype

An iOS SwiftUI prototype that explores flows for venue discovery and group decision-making.
This build includes four tabs:

Hello (style + typography sampler)
Styles (color & component style guide)
Venues (list of sample venues with cards)
Group Fit (“Join a Move”: members + sliders for cover/wait/vibe → Generate List)

1) How to Build & Run
  A) Clone & open
  git clone <your-repo-url>
  cd Nightlife\ Navigator
  open "Nightlife Navigator.xcodeproj"
  
  B) Select scheme & destination
  In Xcode, select the Nightlife Navigator scheme and choose an iOS Simulator (such as iPhone 15 Pro) or a physical device.

  C) First run
  Press Run. The app should install and launch to the Hello tab. 

4) Reproducing Evidence Clippings / Demo Script
These steps mirror what’s shown in our screenshots/clips:

  A) Style & components (Hello / Styles)
  Launch the app; Hello tab shows type & basic components.
  Switch to Styles to view color tokens, spacing, and sample UI elements (dark theme, blue primary).
  
  B) Venues list
  Tap Venues and observe the dark cards, typography, and pill/badge styling (as in evidence images).
  
  C) Group Fit (“Join a Move”)
  Tap Group Fit. You’ll see a list of members, each with sliders:
  
    Max Cover: $0–$50
    Max Wait: 0–120 minutes
    Vibe: 0 (chill) → 100 (hype)
  
  Tap Add Member to add a name.
  Tap Generate List to navigate to the placeholder Generated List screen showing group averages and the venue list.
  This is where, in later iterations, we’ll rank/filter venues more thoroughly using these preferences.
  
5) Style Guide Notes (how the UI matches the spec)
Theme: black app background (Color.black), dark cards (Color(white: 0.15)), blue primary CTAs.
Cards: 12–16 pt padding, 12–16 pt corner radius, subtle section spacing.
Type: .title for headers, .headline for card titles, .subheadline for metadata, monospaced digits for numeric labels.
Controls: sliders for numeric inputs.

6) Data & Persistence
There is no network or database included for this prototype.
Group members are held in memory (Published var members in GroupFitViewModel).

Disclaimer: Code was written with the assistance of AI. 
